Let me close all this.
Let me close the server.
Go back to client and let's go to admin layout here.
Now.
I'm just going to go in discordant.
Instead, we're going to make a request to back in I guess let me input excuse.
And then here.
And let me execute a function here and get.
Current admin.
And then let's write this one of you.
One of the reason is that we can't use async here.
I guess you can do that.
Instead use effect.
You could write a function like this here.
Just execute here like that.
You can do that.
Oh, you can just leave it outside just to make things.
Make your core a little bit cleaner.
So this are what I'm going to do.
So get current admin we use the excuse excuse will give us the response data we do structure data equal
student wait excuse don't make a get request to
current admin.
All right.
And then when we do this, we may get the response or get to prior.
So here's what we're going to do, is we can consult on this with him again, see the data before we
do anything here.
Now, this function executes here in the U.S. if it I see here.
Oh, I, too, have to do one more thing here because.
The table.
So current admin to get the current admin in our back and we need to make sure the health token has
been sent to our back so you can do what you want.
Token
Because it might take a few milliseconds to access this value from the context.
So you want to make sure you have access the token before you make a request.
So you can put this as a dependency here and then come here and give it a try.
Let's open.
Let's try to go to actually, we can just go from.
Yeah.
Local has 3000 subscribers, not final.
So obviously we don't have the software.
Let's log in and add.
And you can see immediately we got that.
Okay.
We still have the loading, but.
True.
That's beautiful.
You can see the request has been made to our bank.
Awesome.
So what we can do now is.
The same thing.
Yeah.
Said learning difference if he got the response that removed the cancer lockdown and let's put that
his head lowered into policy if he'd got the data.
If there was an error, we can just redirect the use it to.
Some of the best.
Okay.
So we can do that.
And this old school executing him.
So we don't need this code anymore.
I'm going to actually leave it here just for the reference for you.
So this way you could just use your context to take.
But now we're using.
This API request and the response based on the response we are.
Tending the valley of loading and with the loading it is true we show the current learning spin.
Otherwise we saw the current.
Okay.
So you saw how we changed from this to this nicely.
So now, you know.
Course, let's try.
We can try one more time.
Um, local host, 2000.
If you try to go to admin.
You get redirect.
All right.
If you sign in.
But not as an item, but like someone is.
And if you try to go to any.
Get redirected to home, please.
So we have been able to secure the the admin base.
Based on the response we got from our server.
Now another thing I noticed here is that in our finished application I showed you earlier as well,
if no one is logged in and they're trying to go to some protected places like admin systems, site admin,
we have some kind of a countdown.
So 3 to 1 and then we get redirected to.
I will redirect that to use it to home base.
Now, in this application, we may not have to do that because it's already working fine with this.
Good.
So we have this trick.
We set the learning to true by default and.
When we get the successful restaurants from the back end, we simply set it to false.
When it is false, we show the content.
When it is true, we saw the loading, so everything is working fine and we can give it a try as well.
So if you.
Try localhost if you try to go to admin phase without logging in.
You get immediately redirected to useful learning for a brief millisecond and you get to interact with
the user with several other than admin.
I guess for example, the subscriber, if it tries to if he logs in and try to do the end.
He gets rather exaggerates everything you would find.
However, if there are if there is a need to have more code to redirect the users just like it did here,
then obviously we can use the timer set set timer set interval function to countdown from 2 to 1 and
reader the user.
But looks like we didn't need that additional culture to go.
Looking good, I guess.
And now one more thing we can do here, and that is the log in screen.
So you can see this user is currently logged in now even though it's logged in, if he has some bad
intents and if you want to do something suspicious for whatever reason, if you want to go to sign in
place or sign up is even after logging in by manually entering the year then he still has access to
this one.
And this is it doesn't have a problem, but obviously you don't want this to happen.
So you can do some kind of a redirect by using use effect.
So let's see how we can do that as well.
So if we go to sign in, so here we have access to the US from the contacts.
So based on that author, then you can use user effect and make it tick.
So if we have the authenticate the user, then you want to redirect to some other place.
So let's try to use it.
We can use that hook that runs with the component months use effect.
So here the value let's give off and here we tick if we can use for token as well.
So if we have the token in the context, that means we have the logs news.
All right.
So in that case, he can run this code X wrote a push to home base.
Okay, so with this code, we should be able to really redirect the user if we have the user in the
context.
But he's still trying to access the sign in for whatever reason and he can do the same code in the sign
up as well.
But let's give it a try first.
So we have the logged in user, but for whatever reason if he wants to go to sign in.
He gets redirected back to home base.
You see that for milliseconds, but I don't think that's a problem because like I said, it's it's just
a sign in base.
We just want the logged in user not to go by just manually trying to type in the year, but you know,
that shouldn't be happening anyways.
All right.
So this take should be good enough.
Now, this is something you can put in, same of as well.
So let's put that in here.
It's simple to use effective.
And so we got the huge effect and we have the author as well.
So that looks good.
Let me make sure we have.
There are yeah, we have the.
I told you to look for.
Sign up as soon.
Awesome.
Now, if you log out, then you should still be able to go to sign in.
And sign up, which is no problem.
Beautiful.
Okay.
So we are almost, almost done with all this authentication and security and products and related stuff.
Now, I can't wait to go to categories and finish the rest of the features that is showing the list
of categories and allowing the admin to update and do it right.
So once you're done with the categories, we're going to move on to post and then all this other exciting
stuff.